In this video, we're going to create two secrets that are required for our application to run inside
of our digital ocean cluster.
So the two secrets we have to provide are a secret named JWT secret, and that's going to contain a
property of JWT.
And the other one that I had completely forgot in the last video was Stripe secret.
And that's going to contain a secret or a property called Stripe Underscore Key.
If you forget where that stripe key comes from, remember, you're going to go to Dashboard Stripe.
On the left hand side, we can find developers, API keys and then we're going to look for Secret Key.
Right there you can click Reveal Test Key Token to show your key.
So once we get that key, we're going to create our two secrets.
And remember, we create secrets from the command line.
So back at the command line, we're going to use Q CTL to access our digital ocean cluster.
That means we need to make sure that our CTL is configured to use our context for digital ocean.
Get a reminder on what context you're using right now.
You can very easily go back up to your system, tray, take a look at Kubernetes and see which one you're
connected to.
Alternatively, if you are not using Docker desktop, remember you can always do a cube CTL config view.
That's going to show you all the different things you're running.
We can look at contexts.
I want to find my digital ocean context.
That's my name right there.
I'll then do a cube ctrl config use context and I'll paste in the name of my digital ocean context.
And that switches me over.
So now we're going to run the command to manually create a secret on our digital ocean cluster.
Well, first, create the JSON web token secret.
We're going to do a cube.
It'll create secret.
Then generic.
Then the name of our secret which is JWT secret.
Then dash dash from literal.
Equals.
And then we're going to enter in our key value pair right here without any spaces.
So our key is supposed to be JWT underscore key equals.
And then whatever value we want to assign to this, remember it is supposed to be a random stream of
characters that are going to somehow sign our JSON web tokens.
So I'm going to enter in just some random stream characters like so and that should be good enough.
Kate looks good.
Now we'll create our second secret for the Stripe key.
This one is supposed to have a name of Stripe secret, and then a key of Stripe key.
And then finally, our value once again is going to come from our dashboard back over here.
So back over at our terminal, we're going to do a CTL create secret generic.
The name of the secret is going to be Stripe secret.
Well then specify from literal.
Equals.
The key that we want to set inside this secret is strip underscore key, and then the value of that
is going to be the key off of our stripe dashboard itself.
Now, once again, extremely important that you type out this secret exactly as I show it.
So make sure the Secret's name is Stripe secret.
Make sure you've got a key inside there of Stripe Key and a value of your secret key.
Once we've got that all put together, we'll run that.
And we should see that the secret was created.
Okay, so this looks good.
Now, the last thing we really have to do before we do a quick test of merging in a request, we have
to do a little bit of setup on ingress and X.
So we're going to take care of that in just a moment.